and we're back with another one and i am
excited about this uh
obviously i'm excited about this it's
druid and obviously i absolutely love
druid
so there's lots of these sort of videos
out there don't get me wrong you might
have already seen one for druids
but it's basically looking at items from
classic that are going to be relevant in
tbc
so gear you know from knacks aq
blackwing etc
now i'm doing this slightly differently
to most the aim of this is basically you
getting into
karazhan really really quickly without
having to farm dungeons
so there'll be some bits of gear that
you'll pick up between 60 and 70
that are comparable to luke from knacks
or even better than loot from knacks
or or aq you know wherever but they're
the ones we're focusing on so if there's
if there's a better item than one in in
classic from one of the raids then i'm
basically going to say
don't worry about trying to get x item
from aq because you're going to do this
quest at 65 and it's going to replace it
so we're only focusing on the items that
you're not going to replace basically
until you know in karazhan or tier 4
tier 5 whatever
or maybe there may be some from like
heroic dungeons but obviously i'm
excluding heroic dungeons i'm basically
focusing on
you get to you you're level 60 you get
to 70
you do your attunement which you know
entails four or five dungeons in total
including getting the architraz key etc
and then getting straight into karazhan
so if you do like this video once you've
finished obviously make sure you like
subscribe
obviously come check me out over on
twitch so scotty j7 names on the wall
obviously feel free streaming most
nights
all weekends gets a bit boozy let me
make the screen a little bit bigger so
you can actually see what items we're
talking about and we'll just get
straight into it starting with the head
so the head's a nice easy one don't
worry about it like we're not bothered
about leveling if you've got a decent
head like the
the one from zolgara the head you
know then obviously just use that or
whatever whatever head you've got use
whatever you want while you're leveling
because you're probably not going to use
wolf's head helm while you're leveling
but you definitely will be using it when
you're raiding because yes you will
still be power shifting so
very important make sure you get wolf
said helm ready preferably enchanted up
as well so prestors
the the neck from nefarian in blackwing
lair changes
ever so slightly when i say slightly it
actually changes for the better the
alternative that you can get which
isn't as good is actually natasha's
choker and this is a quest line in
blade's edge mountain in which you
probably will do
anyway it's a group quest so this is a
good alternative if you can't manage to
get press stores
but ultimately prestors you'll still be
using you'll be using it in karazhan so
it's a really good neck to try and get
older so i would encourage you to get it
the presto's neck in classic as it
stands at the moment is 30 agility
and then you get your hit but it changes
so you get hit attack power and agility
so it's really nice really nice neck and
yeah you're gonna want it shoulders are
a bit of a tricky one and the reason
it's a tricky one
if you're alliance you don't need to
worry about shoulders just use whatever
you've got even if you're using true
strike shoulders still whatever you know
it really it's kind of irrelevant
because you get a fell embers quest
which is it's in a dungeon but you know
you might even do this at 69. you know
you might you could do this before 70.
and you'll get you know you'll get these
shoulders which are really nice
the only ones that you would want in
classic compared to these
if you're horde you definitely want them
the mantle of wicked revenge from fancy
aq you would definitely want them as
horde if you're alliance and you can get
them
all well and good but really you know
you you would replace them for this
felimba's quest but at the same time
even as alliance if you've got these
there's not a massive difference
and it will save you even trying to get
these but it is just a dungeon quest
you know i did say you'd get them from
60 you know these are all items you'll
get from 60 to 70 naturally
but this one i thought i'd throw in
because it is alliance only but overall
getting the fancrest shoulders will
probably serve you well as alliance or
horde now for this one
so for the back you can get cloak of the
fallen god obviously which
is very nice you know you can see that
it's very nice and if you've got it
already happy days i should probably
start by saying that when i start
quoting numbers attack power crit hit
all of that you know we're taking into
account
survivor survival of the fittest which
gives you the three percent attribute to
your attributes
and obviously heart of the wild which
gives you 10 attack power
now obviously that's changed so heart of
the world has changed from classic to
tbc
so if you want to know about that
obviously check out my change videos
i'll put a link in the description and a
little card up the top now for you
but you know i'm not going to cover all
of that completely but we
are involving all of those changes when
we talk about these stats
so for example one strength gives you
2.49 attack power with
all of those bonuses there's a couple of
options before you get to 70. so there's
a really really annoying
egg quest in nagrand and you can get the
delicate poncho which you know is nice
but i would probably lean more towards
cloak of the craft which is the boe i'm
sure people will be getting
these dropped left right center on the
way to 70. so i don't think it's going
to be particularly expensive
but you know it nets around the same
trip but only 51 attack power but then
you do get the hit rate in and you're
gonna obviously you're gonna want
to get hit caps you're gonna want your
hit rating so it is it's a tough one i
think if you can get cloak of the fallen
god then
fine but i wouldn't go out of your way
to get it because ultimately that cloak
of the craft
you know that's that that's what i would
use because i would want the hit but
it depends what else you've got in other
slots obviously but if you can't get
older cloak of the fallen god
i wouldn't worry too much you know even
if he was going in with the baron cloak
for example it's a blue you know that
will serve you well until you can
get hold of you know the boe sort of mid
to late 60s now i've done a lot of
calculations on the chest so you have to
forgive me if i'm looking down because i
don't want to tell you any information
wrong
and there's quite a lot involved with
the chest so let's say the goal skin
tunic from knacks
it gives you just shy of a hundred
attack power and just over one percent
crit
and it looks very nice you probably
think oh my you know i really want to
get this i really want to get this
before i go into tbc
but i wouldn't worry about it too much
if you can get it then
great but you know if you're like me
i've only come back to classic to get
ready
for tbc and i'm preparing my characters
now
i know what gear i'm going after and i
want to go if you're doing a soft
reserve system or something you want to
be soft reserving those items that
you will use still when you walk into
karazhan you don't really want to waste
them on what's a
just a nice upgrade now because what you
can get is this green chest
now this green chest is uh yeah it gives
you just over 80 attack power so it's 20
attack power less
around the same crit from the agility
you know to crit rating
but then you've got three sockets so if
we were to assume you went three
just straight agility gem three eight
agility gems so you're gonna get 24
24 agility that's going to now give you
another 30 attack power
and another 1 crit well over 1 crit so
meaning this green
that you're going to get from a quest is
actually better than your knacks
chest at the moment and this comes from
another storm you will do these quests
you gotta remember
with the massive xp jump odds are you're
gonna do the majority of the zones and
if you're like me and you're probably
gonna skip the majority of hellfire
then you are gonna probably be going
into another storm and never storm
actually nets the most amount of xp
per hour so you know you're gonna want
to be doing your last at least your last
level there
but other people you know don't get me
wrong if you're not that bothered about
leveling quick
you might save another storm to then net
all that additional gold
from the you know the bonus gold you get
from being level 70. so you know that is
an option but me personally i know
there's so many bits of gear and if you
watch the warrior podcast when warrior
tsw was on
he was even talking about you know the
fact that you can get defense capped
as a tank you know by just getting all
these really good green items from
neverstorm
so i personally wouldn't skip it just
for the gold get your gold somewhere
else
but ultimately for chest don't worry
about chest use whatever you're using in
classic at the moment
don't go out of your way to try and get
the next chest unless you just get it
naturally because you're farming knacks
anyway
because you're going to get a green
chest that's going to be absolutely
amazing and just blow it out of the
water
now the quiraji execution braces from aq
there's really not that much that's
comparable not without going into
heroics
excuse me not without going into heroics
and
you know crafted gear you know the
crafted primal stripe braces for example
yes very very nice and they are better
than these obviously
but i i don't i don't want you worrying
about crafting gear i want you getting
attuned and getting straight into
karazhan
then do your crafting once you've
cleared karazhan you know you're gonna
be getting in there fast and then yeah
worry about everything else afterwards
but these again are just really strong
and i mean there's only two other sets
of braces that you could possibly get
between 60 and 70 and i mean that you
know there might be some greens that are
half decent you know but
not not the only two pair of pairs of
braces i can find that are comparable
are the umber hal braces
which is from the cipher damnation quest
line which you will do you will do that
quest line because it's for your tier 5
achievement
now you can see they're not as good
obviously and then there is another
green set of braces but these are from
the same quest as the chest and the
chest is just so good
that you wouldn't want to take the
braces over the chest so ideally if you
can get the kuragi braces
definitely they're one of the items that
i would go out of my way to try and make
sure i went in with
because they are really strong it's
going to take you quite a while to
replace them i would say you're going to
be level working as a feral
feral druid dps or tank you're still
going to probably be level working
anyway
so you will make the primal strike
braces eventually but
until you make those you're probably not
going to replace these then for hands
so the hands from satura battle guard
satura are absolutely amazing like
bonkers actually really good
so there's one set that's comparable
from
again a question never storm obviously
that's where all the decent greens come
from
um but they've got less ap less crit
less hit they're just
you know overall they're just not as
good it's
so it's slightly less you know i mean
slightly less ap slightly less crit
slightly less hit
so it's not a big deal if you can't get
these but again
like i said with the braces these are
ones that what would you replace them
with possibly t4
you know so you're gonna they're gonna
last you long enough you these would be
good to go into karazhan with to the
point where
you haven't even got to worry about
attempting to get any other gloves these
will do you well
as i say the ones from the quest if you
haven't got these when you're going in
these green ones are the ones that
you're going to want to get hold of
obviously
but me personally try and get the gloves
of enforcement
and keep them but to say this belt at
the moment in classic
is your biss so the belt will never end
in agony obviously
it is nice don't get me wrong but i
wouldn't stress about getting it you
know if you're really trying hard to get
it at the moment
i wouldn't even waste your time soft
reserve something that's more useful
like like we've been talking about with
like the
the braces or the gloves or something
like that because
you've got a lot more options in tbc
especially from
from 60 to 70 you know i'm not talking
going out of your way at 70 to start
farming because
you will you'll get the crafted belt the
primal stripe belt anyway so
you haven't got to worry too much but
there's a couple of options that you'll
get from quests like ones for doing the
architraz
key quest which you need to get into
architraves to be able to do your
karazhan achievement anyway
so you will naturally probably do this
quest as a group because you're going to
at least
one or two of you with a key but
preferably all of you are going to want
to do the key quest at the same time
and then you've got the other one which
is just from the cypher damnation
questline which as i said before you're
going to do because it's for your t5
achievement
but really you're going to want to get
socratized girdle because it's got more
attack power more crit more hit
you're going to do the quest chain
anyway so if you haven't got that belt
that you want you know you haven't got
that belt and ever in an agony
don't worry about it because you're
gonna get better so leggings of
apocalypse yes they're very nice
obviously very nice and you probably do
want them just for in classic but i
wouldn't stress too much about getting
them for tbc because you actually get a
couple
of really really really good and i'm not
even going to call them alternatives
because they're both actually upgrades
you know you've got one set you can see
which has got hit and expertise and the
other set that's just got
expertise now one's just from a blade's
edge mount in quest line
you know it is a great it will end up in
a group quest but odds are you're
probably in a guild and you're
some of you are going to be around the
same level and doing these quests around
the same time so doing group quests well
you're not going to want to miss them in
tbc anyway while you're leveling up
because they do give good rewards and
obviously they give good xp
so you're going to do them and then the
other set is actually still just part of
the
the quest line for the architraze key
quest when you go back and hand in so
both of these let's say at least one of
these sets you will
hundred percent get so the shattrath
leggings which is the ones that have
just got the expertise on 35 strength 25
agility 27 stamina you know those are
the ones that come from the archetypes
key quest line
so you will get those you know it's
without doubt you will get those
the other ones you know i'm assuming
that you're gonna have friends to play
with and do these group quests so you
probably will get those as well and
they're the preference because they've
got hit on
but you know ultimately in classic at
the moment don't worry about legs you've
got two great options before you even
well when i say before you get to 70
obviously you've got to be 70 to fly so
you can actually get into
architraz and do the quest chain and get
in botanica and all of that but what i
mean is before you walk into karazhan
you've got two options here that you can
get quite easily
while still just focusing on that
achievement now for boots this is where
it gets difficult
and it probably does on paper doesn't
look difficult if you used to look at
this list and everything it's probably
fairly easy but boots of the vanguard
are really strong
so i you you're gonna want these you
know as in if you haven't got them yet
go out of your way to try and get them
but you either want these or the braces
and i would argue boots of the vanguard
are easier to get
so the boots or the braces the reason
why is because both of the
potential upgrades that you would get in
tbc both come from the same quest
so the upgrade to these is boo uh the
felboar hyde
shoes which come from the cipher
damnation quest line
but you're either going to replace your
braces from this questline or your boots
from this quest line
now on the basis i said the quiraji
battle braces or whatever they're called
are you know
so good i would be replacing the boots
in which case
if you if you've got a focus on one
braces or boots
get the braces because the braces are
better than what you're going to get
from the quest
whereas this is the other way around
because these the boots that you're
going to get from the quest
are better than the boots that you've
got from aq so
definitely get the braces for boots
don't worry use whatever you're using at
the moment if you've got boots of the
vanguard then brilliant obviously
they're going to last you till you're
about 69 and you do this quest chain
because you'll probably want to get the
xp for the quest chain doing your t5
achievement at the same time you know it
makes sense
so phil yeah but fell ball hide shoes
you will replace whatever you're using
with these 100 uh rings i'm not even
gonna bother with rings i'll be honest
with you because there's just so many
options all the rings that you're
probably using you know whether you've
got band of a curia
or quick strike ring or like whatever
you know there's loads of rings whatever
brings you using even the you know
exalted with broader nasdumu
they're all good don't get me wrong
really good in classic but in tbc the
rings do
go up a level you know obviously you're
going to get your violet iring if you
want to use that but even that's not
amazing to begin with and obviously
you're not going to have access to that
to begin with but there's loads of blue
rings from quests that have got like hit
agility 50 attack power on you know you
can get those from
sort of scribes or eldor quest lines in
never storm
there's there's just so many rings you
can get that i'm not going to sit here
and list where they all come from all
you need to know really is whatever
rings you're using in classic at the
moment
by the time you get to 70 you're going
to replace them so don't fixate too much
on the rings but
again even in classic there's so many
choices of rings
that you've probably got two epic rings
now whether or not there are two that
you want
you know is kind of irrelevant but
they'll still be good enough you know to
get you to
to the point where you're going to
replace them from these quest lines in
tbc
so uh trinkets they're trinkets these
are big
now trinkets these are what you want to
focus on so dft
is obviously really really strong
everybody wants it
who can use it in classic rightly so and
it's still
really really good in tbc it's that good
they even made
a ripoff of it called dst obviously
which comes from grawl
so you're gonna want the ft and you're
gonna want slayer's crest
because there's in between 60 and 70
without going out of your way there's
only really two options of trinkets and
and by all means there you can correct
me there is a third but i've not
included it and the third one is
actually from terracar it's a hit
trinket hit an attack
power but i've tried to be directly
comparable if you know what i mean
for stats and everything now without
going and doing that
the only two that you're going to come
across really is the crit attack power
trinket from hellfire peninsula
and the attack power and use attack
power trinket from another storm so it's
from kiranvar village so core of arcolas
now both of these trinkets are good
don't get me wrong and the actual the
attack power trinket when you look at it
is not that different from the next
trinket
it's worse you know we're looking at a
knack trinket that's
actually better you know than a level 70
trinket from tbc
but you're going to want to get them
because they're big these will last you
you will literally
you'll probably replace the slayer's
crest with the badge of justice trinket
and you'll probably replace the dft
probably with dst
i would say so try and get both of these
trinkets if you can
if you can't then you know you've got a
couple of good alternatives
in tbc that you know trinkets that you
can use but
i would be gunning to try and get both
of these because they will
that they will last so idols i'll touch
on it briefly
so you're going to get your mangal idol
from hellfire peninsula it's just
the little quest hub it's a group quest
but it's a quest hub just before you get
into zangarmash
so don't worry about idols whatever
idols you've got at the moment on
on classic you you're going to replace
it by 61
62 latest anyway so i as i say i
wouldn't worry
and the same really applies for weapons
so weapons you know if you've got like
the globulous weapon or
yeah whatever you're using whatever
weapons you're using if you're like me
in classic you know i'm bothered about
weapons all you're doing is farming
gnomeregan and getting mcps all day
but you're you're not going to use mcps
in tbc don't worry don't start panicking
but by the time you do bring a blood in
nagarant at 65 66 you're gonna get star
for the beasts and that's going to take
you
that will take you into karazhan you
know but ideally you want to get lucky
or you want to have a lot of gold and
hope that someone else gets lucky
and that you can get the staff of
natural fury
that's ideally what you want is staff of
natural fury but it's gonna be expensive
but that you will use even once you
replace it with the star from ill hoof
you'll still use it in situations like
long fights or when you're at 50
mana weapon switch to power shift and
get more shifts for your last 50
mana or if innovate on cooldown you know
it's got loads of uses where you will
still use it even if you've got a better
weapon with more attack power
but ultimately don't worry about a
weapon in classic because as i say once
you've done ringer blood
your weapon's going to be gone there's
no chance you would be using a classic
weapon much past 65 66 and probably not
before then if i'm honest with you so
look
that was quite short quite snappy that's
how i wanted it i wanted to get through
all the items you know you you know what
you need to get there you know
you know how you can go and basically
utilize some of your classic gear in tbc
still get into karazhan quick in a
really really strong set of gear
so if you like to say like subscribe you
know the channel's growing it's great
i've already said if we get to 5k subs
before christmas day i'm going to do 100
pound amazon give a
voucher giveaway as well so don't miss
that and check me out over on twitch
next we're obviously going to do feral
tank next that shouldn't be much
different to this one anyway but
take it easy